1. Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce wed in NYC in ceremony officiated by Adam Sandler
2. China's internet got so mad about a celebrity's 'bad' singing, her concert was cancelled
3. Russia looks to students to make up for mounting losses in Ukraine
4. Anguished families left to identify Venezuela quake victims at makeshift morgue
5. Row after Indian state drops eggs from school lunch menu
6. Holders Argentina break Cape Verde hearts with extra-time win
7. Polish PM warns critical months ahead in face of Russian threat
8. Instagram running ads promoting child sexual abuse material in India, BBC finds
9. Colombia beat Ghana to secure final last-16 spot at World Cup
10. Alex Eala's historic Wimbledon run thrills boxing-obsessed Philippines
11. Pakistan syndicate allegedly smuggled human placentas, say police
12. Ukrainian suspect hunted by police after Monaco bomb attack was 'disguised as a man'
13. Brutal heat cancels Fourth of July events, from DC to Philadelphia
14. More to explore
15. In pictures: Taylor Swift wedding fever heats up in New York
16. Police, fans and celebrities - What it's like outside the Swift wedding
17. South Korean football is dead, say furious fans, as they demand sweeping reform
18. More cows than pupils - what is behind mass school closures in rural Kenya?
19. 'Hotter and hotter and hotter' - Europe's new climate in seven charts
20. Trump's new take on 250 years of American expansionism
21. A mayor in Japan announced her maternity leave - and got the whole country talking
22. World Cup 2026
23. England-Mexico kick-off unchanged after Fifa U-turn
24. Salah's Panenka helps Egypt edge Australia in shootout
25. Germany want Klopp talks as Nagelsmann resigns
26. Huge 'Snicko' VAR call prolongs Ronaldo's last dance but ends Modric's
27. Most watched
28. Police, fans and celebrities - What it's like outside the Swift wedding
29. Why dangerous teen sex choking is raising alarm
30. BBC confronts head of Meta in India over child sex abuse ads
31. Watch: Couple scale Empire State Building, get engaged and are arrested
32. Fans gather in New York to get a peek of rumoured Swift 'royal wedding'
33. Also in news
34. Iran nuclear and military damage revealed after restricted satellite images released
35. Dissident Hong Kong bookseller Lam Wing-kee dies aged 70
36. Northern Ireland's long links with USA celebrated on Fourth of July
37. UK in talks with Pakistan about deporting grooming gang leader
38. Nasa launches mission to save falling space telescope
39. US withdraws troops from Nigeria after Islamic State mission
40. Zuma showing South Africa 'middle finger' by meeting Gupta brother - minister
41. Most read
42. Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce wed in NYC in ceremony officiated by Adam Sandler
43. Russia looks to students to make up for mounting losses in Ukraine
44. Polish PM warns critical months ahead in face of Russian threat
45. China's internet got so mad about a celebrity's 'bad' singing, her concert was cancelled
46. A mayor in Japan announced her maternity leave - and got the whole country talking
47. Dine-and-dash pair enjoy lavish seafood meal and eight Cokes without paying
48. Row after Indian state drops eggs from school lunch menu
49. Brutal heat cancels Fourth of July events, from DC to Philadelphia
50. Head who changed term dates to go on cruise banned
51. Trump's new take on 250 years of American expansionism
52. Sport
53. Farewell Cape Verde - the underdogs the World Cup will never forget
54. Five and a half hours that left England's World Cup tie in chaos
55. Hamilton takes pole for Silverstone sprint race
56. Salah's Panenka helps Egypt edge Australia in shootout
57. Colombia beat Ghana to secure final last-16 spot at World Cup
58. Holders Argentina break Cape Verde hearts with extra-time win
59. England-Mexico kick-off unchanged after Fifa U-turn
